Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
G-Guts?
Commander Guts?
Is it really you, Commander Guts?
Commander Guts!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Confession
Guts...
Guts?
Is it possible?
The legendary commander...
There's no time to waste.
Don't you have a job to do?
Don't back off!
Position in battle
formations and counter attack!
That commander is nothing!
Their numbers are small.
Advance, advance forward!
Those eyes...
They haven't changed.
It's no use, we don't stand a chance.
Dammit!
There's no choice, retreat!
Don't let them get away!
Stop, don't jeopardize yourself!
But, we can't...
Guts!
What the hell, guys!
Hey, you're looking good, little guy.
G-Guts...
Commander!
Commander Guts!
I knew it!
I knew you'd come back someday!
You guys...
We don't have any time to waste.
The enemy will return.
We must mobilize while it's dark.
Caska...
Do as she says.
We must move quickly
now, we'll catch up later.
In this past year the Hawks has been
cut down to a fifth of its original size...
We can't even call
ourselves an army anymore...
Even so, it could be worse...
Without Caska there'd be
nothing left of the Band of Hawk...
On that fateful day, a year ago...
We all gathered under Griffith's order.
We hadn't ridden our horses in a while.
We waited with a kind of
excitement in our hearts.
Where is Griffith?
Everybody, get down!
All of a sudden, arrows
came pouring down on us like rain.
It was the Midland army...
All was confusion and chaos...
We found out only
after we had escaped...
...that Griffith had been
captured and arrested for treason.
Griffith?
A year ago...
It was the clay after you left.
I can't believe it...
The Griffith we knew...
Why?
After you left, Guts...
Griffith was very depressed...
I think that maybe because you left...
Don't flatter yourself...
What happened to Griffith has
absolutely nothing to do with you.
Nothing.
But, you should have seen
how Caska came through!
She fought and got us through to the
end with wounds in five different places.
We welcomed Caska
as the leader of the Hawks...
But it's amazing...
You coming back when
we need you the most...
It goes to show we still have luck.
We've been planning an operation,
and we're about to carry it out
An operation?
We're going to rescue Griffith.
The guys that are
left here are worn out...
Their hearts and
bodies covered in wounds...
But not one of them will
even consider leaving us...
Even though no one
is telling them to stay...
We'll never see the end of this
with just courage and will...
The ones who have stayed are
true Hawks, right down to the bone...
We're not just rescuing Griffith...
You see, without Griffith there is no...
Band of the Hawk.
It's good to be back...
Some things never change.
We're counting on you...
...Commander Guts.
He's not a commander anymore.
Corkus...
That bastard left us
when we needed him the most!
How can you call
that betrayer one of us?
Corkus, how can you?
This is your true
self, Guts the betrayer...
At least make the distinction clear.
Yeah...
I understand.
Guts...
Take care of...
...Caska.
That fateful day a year ago...
Caska spent three long nights and
days lingering on the brink of death...
In the throes of nightmares
she cried out, over and over...
...for Griffith...
...and you.
She's pushing herself
more than she'll ever let on...
That's why...
...you've got to do something.
We're not enough for her.
Quite impressive...
Your eyes are still shining with life...
Don't worry.
I'll stay away from your
vitals so you won't die.
I've been ordered by the King to make
sure you live at least another three years.
Youth can be so frightening...
...or on the contrary,
a marvel to behold...
However mankind must live
within his own means and abilities...
It seems your
heroism was rather shallow...
It's been bothering me, this
unusual charm you're wearing.
But it has no meaning
if it can't protect you...
Come here for a second...
What is it?
On guard.
Hey, wait!
I said wait!
What the hell?
Hey, stop!
I mean it!
Fight!
What the hell's wrong with you?
Is this how you greet someone?
Do you expect me to
deal with this bullshit?
Why the hell did you come back now?
It's your fault!
You destroyed everything!
It's all your fault!
Me?
That's right...
Griffith and...
The Band of Hawk...
Everything...
You destroyed everything!
Me?
Why me?
Because you left us...
Because you left Griffith!
That can't be right...
It's Griffith...
The Griffith we know...
...being destroyed
by such a small thing...
That can't be...
You really are stupid...
...aren't you?
I told you before!
When a man has the
desire for something great...
...he must bear a great burden...
Griffith...
...had to become stronger...
But...
Griffith is not a god...
You can't grab the hearts of
men with ideals and dreams alone...
It was you, who made Griffith weak!
Griffith couldn't go on without you!
It can't be...
You could have dodged that...
What should I have clone?
L-Let go.
I did what I had to do, just like Griffith.
That's enough, let go.
I did what I had to, that's all.
What else could I have done?
Let go.
All right, just let go!
I know.
I understand.
The truth is...
...you're right.
But I can't take it...
I can't bear it...
If only I could change the way my
heart feels, it would be so much easier...
I'm not stupid...
I know that the quickest path...
...to the throne of Midland is
through Princess Charlotte.
I knew that all along.
And I knew that if it was up to
Griffith, that was the path he would take.
Somehow I thought I could take it.
Even if I could not stand by
Griffith's side as a woman...
...I thought I could
at least be his sword.
...that's what I wanted to believe.
But, that clay you left...
...it was very clear to me.
Those days I had spent by
Griffith's side were a thing of the past...
My dream had already ended.
The reason why I have
been protecting the Hawks...
...may just be a small thing, but...
...I may lose myself
unless I cling on to what I have.
But, it doesn't matter now.
I can't be a woman...
...or anything special...
Fulfilling the dream of a man I
don't even know is dead or alive...
I don't know anymore.
I'm so tired...
You do the rest...
Caska?
Damn it!
What are you thinking?
Listen to me!
Don't go near that cliff again!
I can't afford to be
dragged down with you!
Understood?
Silly.
What?
You're always hurt somewhere...
Always shedding
blood because of me...
Hey...
...silly...
...so silly.
That clay you left, I knew it then.
I watched you walk away from Griffith, as
he slumped to his knees for the first time.
You didn't look back once...
And I couldn't accept
myself as a woman who was...
...unable to take her eyes off you.
If I did, I felt my whole life
since the moment I met Griffith...
...would have all been a lie.
My life had been one without deceit.
That was my only pride...
Because that was the
gift Griffith gave to me...
But...
I can change...
There may be a place
for me in this man's soul...
Instead of just receiving from him...
I may be able to give
him something of worth.
Guts...
...aren't you going to Stay?
Rescue Griffith and be like old times...
No, I can't.
I want to be very clear about this...
I will stay until we rescue Griffith
and get the Hawks back on their feet...
...but that's it...
I must continue my journey...
I will not draw my sword for others...
...or be dangled by
another man's dream...
From now on, I will
fight my own battles.
My, my...
How honorable...
You're just like Griffith!
Your dream is everything!
It's always about you!
It doesn't matter to
you if I'm here or not!
Hey!
Just go!
Do what you want!
Wind up dead somewhere,
alone with your sword.
Come.
What?
Come with me.
I don't know what the future will bring...
All I know is I want to keep holding you...
Stupid...
I want to make love to you a hundred...
...no a thousand times more...
...that's how I feel right now.
Stupid...
What the...
If it weren't for my arm,
I could have gone with you guys.
Don't be sad...
You'll be the first one to get a hug
from Griffith when he comes back.
I'm counting on you Guts.
Promise you'll bring him back safe.
Yeah.
On your horses!
We will divide into two formations
and follow our respective plans.
Griffith's rescue
operation will depart now!
Let's go Boss!
Rescue Operation!
Depart for Midland!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Wandering through the
never-ending darkness...
Deep in the hearts
of those who quest...
What will keep their final flame burning?
Will it be faith?
Hatred?
Or true love?
When will mankind awaken to
the true sorrow of one man's loss?
Infiltration
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm